Add instructions to prevent issues on NComputing systems (#128)
learningequality/kolibri-docs: docs/access.rst

.. tip:: 
  If you close the browser window, Kolibri will still be running in the background. Use the **Load in browser** menu item to reopen it in the browser.

.. _ncomputing: 

.. warning::

>   If you install Kolibri in settings with various virtual desktops running on the same single hardware device (for example with NComputing), you need to make sure that Kolibri is running **only from the admin account**. Confirm that the **Run Kolibri at system startup** taskbar option is checked only when the admin logs in, but unchecked when any other user of virtual desktops is logged in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In some Windows multi-user environments (for example NComputing), you need to make sure that Kolibri is running **only from the admin account** to avoid having Kolibri started for each login/session. Confirm that the **Run Kolibri at system startup** taskbar option is checked only when the admin logs in, but unchecked when any other user of virtual desktops is logged in.
```
